listen I've never been Austin so I had
no idea this city was more Portlandia
than it was woody or any other Cowboys
why the places got birds
this city has bats hiding underneath
bridges we got served sushi alongside
our barbecue I almost ran over five
hipsters on their scooters but thanks to
Squarespace we went there for the thing
that matters most the South by Southwest
Film Festival we were able to catch 29
films while we were there in order to
scope out the best of the best let me
explain now I'm gonna start off with my
favorites peanut butter Falcon now I
don't have laid on my Sundance video
along with a lot of other videos but I'm
telling you 2019 is the year of the
LaBeouf asan's
I can't honey boy in Utah and that thing
had floored me and somehow this man
found his way into an even better movie
it's a story of this dude named Zack who
wants to be a wrestler and after
escaping his assisted living facility he
runs into shyest character who doesn't
limit him for having Down syndrome but
pushes him on one of the most heartfelt
adventures of the year like my eyes were
like a waiter carrying water glasses
filled to the brim knowing that if I
even so much as blinked I would have
been soaked by the end of it so needless
to say I may need to watch it again but
so far I think this is my number one
movie of the year
[Music]
breaking the rest down by genres yeah
the comedies that absolutely killed it
probably the most mixed one was beach
bum that I felt was like The Big
Lebowski if he was snorting White
Russians instead of drinking them if you
like Spring Breakers you may love this
story of a rich dude who acts like a bum
or you might just think it's alright
alright alright stupor is Dave Bautista
and Kumaon and Johnny pulling out the
best ever commercial possible as they
try to take down a drug kingpin played
by the new Jackie Chan of our generation
Don Eko oh wise yes god yes is a
semi-autobiographical tale starring
natalya dire of stranger things learning
how to entertain her she learns how to
masturbate but it's also a hysterical
movie taking place at a youth camp the
art of self-defense is the comedy Jesse
Eisenberg was built for like this thing
is a dry wine of a movie if you remember
that episode of spongebob where he
learns karate and just keeps chopping
everything in half well imagine that
with our new Lex Luthor in the most
deadpan comedy I'll probably see all
year this is your belt it is yours it is
sacred there'll be a 15 dollar charge to
replace a la spell book smart by Olivia
Wilde is being called the official
unofficial female super bad since it's
about these two geniuses who realize on
the final day of high school that they
didn't have to be completely book smarts
since all of their friends were always
partying and they got into the same
schools and while I agree that there are
a lot of super bad spiritual sequels
coming out this year this thing stands
on its own it's got its own language
where the characters don't even explain
jokes to you or even explain their
catchphrases they just leave it out
there and wait for you to catch up but
it's also fleshing out these characters
to feel like real people in other words
when this one.we comes out film twitter
is going to hype the hell out of this
one and for good reason but good boys
good boys now one of my favorite from
Sundance was this movie called big-time
adolescence that's like the version of
super bed that follows a kid at just in
high school super bad is then the
version of super bed where they're
transitioning into college this one is
the middle school version of super bed
not only have I been quoting it non-stop
and will probably continue to quote it
till the end of the 2020 election but
this thing hits you with an out of
nowhere gut punch at the end when
you realize what specifically connects
all these three or four movies and why
they all feel super bad like proving
that they're not just great comedies but
some of the best movies of the year oh
my god there's Molly in there now
there's two shorts and a dock that's set
out to me that I want to talk about one
was called little grey bubbles which is
probably the most awkward position you
can find yourself in pretty much this
man and woman had built a bond around
cameras so when he dies and she pulls up
to the funeral things get a little weird
because you know no one knew about her
really romantic comedy was this
documentary that proves everyone making
video essays on YouTube can make it into
a feature film yes that's a distant
cousin is it's a great breakdown of the
genre and how it's evolved and shaped
our culture I'm just also given perhaps
the creators on here on this side who
are putting this exact amount of quality
out for free but to be honest I kept
looking at all the footage they use in
this movie and considering all the
copyrights we get I was like man it must
have been a pain to get the rights to
all of these in their edit it must've
been really frustrating unless they did
in and somehow it falls under fair use
and in that case if this played at a
festival yo what the hell is up then
there's Jacque I'm not even gonna say
anything about this movie it's easily
the best short film I saw at the
festival I don't want to spoil it but
know that I highly recommend it
I got every indie festival there's
obviously gonna be a lot of dramas run
this town was a pretty ambitious first
feature covering the scandals going on
in Detroit politics and while it
definitely felt like it was playing in
times to speed like its ambitious
there's a lot of stuff crammed in there
it did leave me curious to see what this
director has in store and you know how
Aladdin is going to be in his feature
film that above all it left me
questioning why do they make Rob Ford
look like Fat Bastard from Austin Powers
I thought the highways ending is the
only other movie that almost brought me
to tears imagine a movie where you think
everything is gonna be depressing like
there's always those bits that happen
where oh no it's another struggle
something bad is gonna happen oh it's
always going downwards it's the complete
opposite like it feels like a sad movie
but every time you think something bad
is going to happen something optimistic
happens and this is the first feature by
Logan Marshall Greene who some of you
may know from upgrade others of you call
him tom hardy 2.0 from now on I'm
putting a respect on his three names
it's not a perfect movie but I love that
ending st. Francis won one of the awards
and to me it was like the version of
obvious child that'll reach people who
didn't want to see obvious child it
revolves around this woman who gets an
abortion and immediately after he gets
the babysitting job she had applied for
so she's still spending hours with a
child I really liked it because I know
that this is a very iffy topic but I
think that this movie balanced it out
well so regardless of which side you're
on you'll still be able to watch it
enjoy it and relate to it
The Guardian Left Behind also won an
award and this story follows a trans
woman in New York who's trying to build
her life in America while her grandma
who raised her wants to go back to
Mexico let me tell you this movie does
not feel like a movie it comes off so
authentic that it feels like the story
somebody's telling you about someone
they knew like this movie was funded
through eBay eBay they were gonna make
this movie any way they could and I'm
glad they did because while it is choppy
at some points in the first half it
builds up to this line that listen there
is a line at the end of this movie that
is delivered so well that it got every
message emotion and theme they wanted to
get across tenfold so for those who are
very vocal on Twitter
only when it's
y'all better be positive about
supporting these films when they come
out because they need the support I'm
with you are you with you
oh and the last time I saw believe it or
not is it's a documentary deep dive on
the origins of the contemporary
Christian song known as who let the dogs
out incredible I was serious when I said
that the Oscars better start recognizing
more documentaries because these
filmmakers aren't playing just as past
Sundance my favorite movie out of there
was a documentary about a documentary
within a documentary and this one made
my top 5 a South by because I had no
idea this song had so much history I had
no idea all the secrets behind this song
[Music]
finally we got the biggest johner of
South by which I would consider since
the opening and closing films were both
horror and on top of that they have an
entire category solely dedicated to them
so we saw a lot porno was one of the
first and one of the hardest to search
up online without getting a virus but it
follows these super Christian kids who
work at a movie theater who stumbled
upon a bunch of hidden porn in the
building and a possible sex demon that's
roaming the halls it's um it's
interesting but it definitely has the
nastiest penis stitching scene of the
year so hey there's that there's these
two other movies that also had great
practical effects Daniel isn't real
follows a college kid whose imaginary
friend let's call him comes back trying
to control him girl on the third floor
star CM Punk in an HG TV show gone
demonic but what I'd say is look out for
the face scene from Daniel and the
marble scene from the third floor and
then live to regret it
who did you try to stop it was okay when
the trailer came out I was getting a mad
amount of requests to talk about it and
luckily I was able to watch it early and
obviously I'll have full el Amin's for
most of these but I'll say that this one
is it's in the middle of the conjuring
universe you know it's not as bad as
Annabelle one so that is great as
Annabelle - but I will say the
experience watching it was wilder we're
going in they were sanctifying people
before we got in there a shaman gave out
these cloths so you can wipe yourself
with it and leave the evil spirits
behind to go started talking about the
hauntings that happened on set so I'm
sure people will have fun with this one
when it comes out considering that
nobody at my screening hated it except
for the lady in the back who kept crying
and saying nice
this is dark as hell I'm not an Einstein
when it comes to Stephen King but I did
grow up watching these bad boys right
here and repeat but this story is the
most depressing family drama I think the
sound design is great in this movie the
whole family does a really great job as
the cast the little girls fantastic
there's a particular scene with the mom
that I thought was really good I'm not
saying that it's gonna be in the top
five best horrors of the year but
definitely top ten I would say however
and this can't happen anymore this movie
made me sick and tired of hearing semi
trucks pass by I really like this one
pretty much you got a group of friends
who are meeting in a cabin in the woods
in honor of their friend who's passed
away and since they're each taking turns
telling scary stories that we can kind
of makes it feel like a horror anthology
series that then leads into a bigger one
my personal favorite was a sex demon
story specifically because of the final
line that they say but I think that each
one does something unique why don't we
see ghosts everyday most hauntings are
so small they go unnoticed
finally there's extraordinary which
wraps up this category mainly cuz it's a
horror comedy I've heard people call it
Taika Waititi meets your goals lanta
moans I personally thought it could have
been a spinoff - Shaun of the Dead but I
think I loved it it's weird because it
feels like a parody films kind of like
the scary movie franchise but the best
parts of the scary movie franchise but
it still has its own voice it's one of
those where they hit you with a lot of
dry jokes so you either aren't noticing
them or the ones that are misses don't
go the ride of like an Adam Sandler joke
you know we're not only other jokes
misses but they then drag it out to a
point that you start hating it they drag
the jokes out here but it's more so out
of dedication to the bit and it almost
wins you over by the end I'm curious to
see how this is received if the public
overall loves it or if it just becomes a
cult classic but I'm excited to see it
again along with a bunch of the other
one so overall if I had to pick my top
five from the fest
it'd be these right here I'll have LME's
coming out for all of them once they get
released
you know what one day I'll post that
Sundance recap to talk about my must
watches from there but in the meantime
imma go eat some more brisket thank you
guys for watching this video and I'm
here to know your thoughts down below in
the comment section and a big thank you
to Squarespace I know a lot of you have
reached out about going to film
festivals you know how to cover them and
honestly for those looking to build
their portfolio you have to have a
website we use Squarespace to backlog
all of our videos and to be able to
write articles and since their templates
are so simple even a cartoon like myself
can handle it having trouble at three in
the morning trying to upload a review
from a bar on sixth Street boom 24/7
support trying to divorce the platform
you have right now ban
easy domain transfers got product you
gotta push simplest merch store on the
market so when you head over to
Squarespace calm / let me explain you're
gonna get 10% off when you sign up and
be one step closer to watching movies
for a living or yoga for a living
welding you can use it for anything
before the film fans out there we'll be
hitting up Tribeca next then of course
the Chicago critics fest the Sun Dance
video holes will be up soon I promise
it'll be up at least before its f but
I'm curious to know what movies you're
looking forward to which ones I miss to
keep on my radar but until then don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you some Terry blacks